- [Instructor] Let's look into couple different ways
we could implement update functionality.
Updates could be scoped to specific fields,
or an update could replace an entire existing document.
Let's open up the Reservation Service Implementation.
Let's go to line 31,
on the method Update Reservation.
Potentially we could just do
reactiveMongoOperations.save,
reservation.
If we look at the Java documents,
save is actually an upsert.
If it doesn't already exist it will do an insert,
otherwise it will do an update.
But let's say we had a more specific case.
Let's say we just wanted to update one field in a document.
First of let's take the model that admits a reservation
and let's flatMap it,
and pass in a lambda that captures
the reservation admitted by that model.
Now let's call the reactive Mongo template.
And let's call the method find and modify.
First, let's pass in a query.
Let's create a query object,
by using the query method passing in a criteria,
where the ID of the document is equal to the past 10 ID.
Ok Enter to import.
Then let's pass in a update statement,
let's call update.
Pass in the name of the field you want to update price,
lets import update using alt enter.
Pass in the new price.
And the object type.
I may close a project window for readability.
Let's put a semi colon,
in a return statement.
Let's remove this parameter reservation class,
into the calling method.
Now as you could see,
since this line is the single line,
we actually don't need the curly braces.
So if you press Alt+Enter,
we could remove the unnecessary syntax.
Now let's add in one more lambda
to update the price in the result,
so that the end user can see the updated price.
That is commit out Alt on the format and save.
So as you could see depending on your use case,
you could implement update in a couple different ways.